Add TiDB Cloud Terraform Doc (#10563)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/terraform-use-restore-resource.md

---
title: Use Restore Resource

> summary: Learn how to use restore resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn how to use restore resource.
```

---

# Use Restore Resource

> You can learn how to create a restore task with the `tidbcloud_restore` resource in this document.

Reviewer: 能否再清晰说明下，恢复是将备份在哪里的 TiDB Cloud 集群恢复到哪里呢？

Reviewer 2: 将通过 console/api/terraform 中任何一种方式备份的 tidb cluster 恢复为一个新的 tidb cluster。

> You can learn how to create a restore task with the `tidbcloud_restore` resource in this document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can learn how to create a restore task with the `tidbcloud_restore` resource in this document. The restore task will create a restored cluster according to your backup. 
```

> 
> You can also learn how to import a TiDB Cloud cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

            name   = "restoreCluster"
            status = "INITIALIZING"
        }
        cluster_id       = "1379661944630234067"
        config           = {
            components    = {
                tidb    = {
                    node_quantity = 2
                    node_size     = "8C16G"
                }
                tiflash = {
                    node_quantity    = 2
                    node_size        = "8C64G"
                    storage_size_gib = 500
                }
                tikv    = {
                    node_quantity    = 6
                    node_size        = "8C32G"
                    storage_size_gib = 500
                }
            }
            port          = 4000
            root_password = "Your_root_password1."
        }
        create_timestamp = "2022-08-26T08:16:33Z"
        id               = "780114"
        name             = "restoreCluster"
        project_id       = "1372813089189561287"
        status           = "PENDING"
    }
    ```

    You can see the restore task's status is `PENDING` and the cluster's status is `INITIALIZING`.

5. Wait for some minutes. Then use `terraform refersh` to update the status.

> 6. After the cluster status changes to `AVAILABLE`, the restore task will be `RUNNING` and turn to `SUCCESS` at last. Copy the project ID and cluster ID for later use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. After the cluster status changes to `AVAILABLE`, the restore task will be `RUNNING` and turn to `SUCCESS` at last.
```

                    node_quantity    = 6
                    node_size        = "8C32G"
                    storage_size_gib = 500
                }
            }
            port          = 4000
            root_password = "Your_root_password1."
        }
        create_timestamp = "2022-08-26T08:16:33Z"
        id               = "780114"
        name             = "restoreCluster"
        project_id       = "1372813089189561287"
        status           = "PENDING"
    }
    ```

    You can see the restore task's status is `PENDING` and the cluster's status is `INITIALIZING`.

5. Wait for some minutes. Then use `terraform refersh` to update the status.

6. After the cluster status changes to `AVAILABLE`, the restore task will be `RUNNING` and turn to `SUCCESS` at last. Copy the project ID and cluster ID for later use.

Note that the restored cluster is not managed by Terraform. You can manage the restored cluster by importing it.

## Import a cluster

You can manage a cluster with Terraform by importing the cluster even if it is not created by Terraform.

The following steps show you how to import the cluster created by the restore task in the last section.

> 1. Add a cluster resource in `restore.tf` as follows, you can also create a new `tf` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add a cluster resource as follows to the `restore.tf` file or create a new `tf` file.
```

    ```
    resource "tidbcloud_cluster" "restore_cluster1" {
          cloud_provider = "AWS"
          cluster_type   = "DEDICATED"
          config         = {
              components = {
                  tidb    = {
                      node_quantity = 2
                      node_size     = "8C16G"
                  }
                  tiflash = {
                      node_quantity    = 2
                      node_size        = "8C64G"
                      storage_size_gib = 500
                  }
                  tikv    = {
                      node_quantity    = 6
                      node_size        = "8C32G"
                      storage_size_gib = 500
                  }
              }
              port       = 4000
          }
          name           = "restoreCluster"
          project_id     = "1372813089189561287"
          region         = "eu-central-1"
    }
    ```

5. You can use `terraform fmt` to format your configuration file:

    ```
    $ terraform fmt

>     main.tf

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    restore.tf
```

Reviewer 2: 或者可以删掉此行吗
